Assume, there are N containers that need to be loaded into the ship. The capacity of the ship is W tons.  If weights of the N containers are given, find out the maximum number of containers that can be loaded into the ship.  Write a program in C++ to solve the problem.

Note:
Observe the highlighted output statements in the sample input and output statements for more clarifications.
Do not change the code template given.  Write your code in the provided places alone.
Avoid the usage of exit(0) in your code.  

Input format:
The first line of the input consists of an integer that corresponds to n.
The next n lines of the inputs consist of integers that correspond to the weights of the n containers [w1, w2,... wn].
The last line of the input consists of an integer that corresponds to W.

Output format:
The first line of the output consists of a single integer that corresponds to the maximum number of containers that can be loaded into the ship.
The next line of the output corresponds to the solution vector.


Sample input statement 1:
8
50
100
30
80
90
200
150
20
400

Sample output statement 1:
6
[1,1,1,1,1,0,0,1]


Sample input statement 2:
3
40
50
5
45

Sample output statement 2:
2
[1,0,1]

Explanation:

1.Input Section:
The program starts by reading an integer n, representing the number of containers.
A vector weights is declared to store the weights of the containers. The size of the vector is set to n.
A loop is used to read the weights of the n containers and store them in the weights vector.
The program then reads an integer W, representing the capacity of the ship.
Another vector solution is declared to store the solution (whether a container is loaded or not). It is initialized with zeros.

2.Main Logic Section:
Two variables loadedWeight and loadedContainers are initialized to zero. These will be used to track the total weight loaded and the number of loaded containers.
A loop iterates through each container, and if adding the weight of the current container does not exceed the ship's capacity (loadedWeight + weights[i] <= W), the container is considered loaded.
The solution vector is updated accordingly, and loadedWeight and loadedContainers are incremented.

3.Output Section:
The program outputs the total number of loaded containers (loadedContainers).
It then prints the solution vector in the specified format, enclosing the elements in square brackets and separating them by commas.
