Rose, a novice in programming, was practicing some programs in data structures and algorithms. In a particular program, she is asked to write the logic in C++ to count the number of occurrences of a given element from a list of numbers. Help Rose to perform the task.

Check the sample input and output statements for clarifications.

 Note:

Observe the highlighted output statements in the sample input and output statements for more clarifications.
Do not change the code template given.  Write your code in the provided places alone.
Avoid the usage of exit(0) in your code.  
 

Sample input statement 1:

Enter the size of the list: 7

 1 7 2 3 2 9 2

Sample output statement 1:

 The list is: 1 7 2 3 2 9 2

  Enter a number: 2

 2 occurs 3 times.

 

 Sample input statement 2:

 Enter the size of the list: 5

 1 2 3 4 5

Sample output statement 2:

 The list is: 1 2 3 4 5  

 Enter a number: 6

 6 occurs 0 times.

Explanation:

1.Node Class:
This class defines a node in a linked list.
Each node has an integer data member (data) and a pointer to the next node (next).

2.LinkedList Class:
This class represents a linked list.
It has a member variable head which points to the first node in the list (initially set to NULL).
It contains three member functions: append, display, and countTheKey for adding elements, displaying the list, and counting occurrences of a key, respectively.

3.LinkedList Member Functions:

append(int value):
Adds a new node with the given value to the end of the linked list.
display():
Displays the elements of the linked list.
countTheKey(int key):
Counts and returns the number of occurrences of a specified key in the linked list.

4.User Input:
Asks the user to enter the size of the linked list (N).
Creates an instance of the LinkedList class called lst.

5.Populating the Linked List:
Uses a loop to input N values and appends them to the linked list.

6.Display the Linked List:
Displays the elements of the linked list.

7.Count Occurrences of a Key:
Asks the user to enter a number (key).
Calls the countTheKey function to count and print the occurrences of the entered key.
