Find the number of connected objects in a given 2-D binary matrix. If there is a path between two nodes the value of that position will be 1 else it will be 0.

The above diagram depicts 3 connected objects in a 3 X 5 matrix.

If the no. of rows or columns entered is less than 1, then display the message ‘Invalid input’ and stop the program execution.


Note:
Observe the highlighted output statements in the sample input and output statements for more clarifications.
Do not change the code template given.  Write your code in the provided places alone.
Avoid the usage of exit(0) in your code.  

Sample input statement 1:
Enter the number of rows:
5
Enter the number of columns:
5
Enter the matrix:
0 0 0 0 0
0 1 0 1 0
1 0 0 0 1
0 1 0 1 0
0 0 0 0 0


Sample output statement 1:
Number of connected objects = 2



Sample input statement 2:
Enter the number of rows: 
3
Enter the number of columns: 
4 
Enter the matrix: 
1 1 0 0
0 0 0 1
1 1 0 1


Sample output statement 2:
Number of connected objects = 3


Sample input statement 3:
Enter the number of rows: 
0
Enter the number of columns: 
4 


Sample output statement 3:
Invalid input

Explanation: 

1.dfs Function:
The dfs function performs depth-first search starting from a given cell (i, j).
It recursively explores all eight possible directions (including diagonals) from the current cell.
The search stops if the cell is out of bounds, has a value of '0', or has already been visited.
If the conditions are met, the cell is marked as visited (visited[i][j] = true), and the function is called recursively on adjacent cells.

2.Main Function:
The program starts by prompting the user to enter the number of rows and columns for the matrix.
It checks for invalid input (non-positive values) and exits if the input is invalid.
Dynamically allocates memory for the binary matrix (matrix) and a boolean matrix (visited) to keep track of visited cells.
User inputs the binary matrix values, and the corresponding visited matrix is initialized to false.
The program then iterates through each cell in the matrix. If a cell has a value of '1' and has not been visited, it initiates a DFS from that cell, marking all connected cells as visited and increments the connectedObjects count.
Then, it outputs the total number of connected objects.

3.Memory Management:
The program dynamically allocates memory for the matrices using the new keyword.
After processing, it frees the allocated memory using the delete keyword to avoid memory leaks.

4.Algorithm Overview:
The program uses DFS to traverse through the matrix, marking connected cells as visited and counting the number of connected objects.
It follows a straightforward approach to iterate through each cell and initiates DFS only if the cell contains '1' and has not been visited.

5.Output:
The program outputs the total number of connected objects found in the binary matrix.
